CozyCat values its users' privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") will help you understand how we collect and use personal information from those who visit our website or make use of our online facilities and services, and what we will and will not do with the information we collect.

Our Policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with CozyCat of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet, but to exceed, most existing privacy standards.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. If at any point in time CozyCat decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email.

Users at that time shall have the option as to whether to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.

Through the use of cozycat.com, you are therefore consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy.


Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that CozyCat does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us.

If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which websites garner, make use of and share the information collected.

Specifically, this Policy will inform you of the following


1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our website;

2. Why we collect personally identifiable information and the legal basis for such collection;

3. How we use the collected information and with whom it may be shared;

4. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; and

5. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.



Information We Collect


It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services.

This website collects various types of information, such as:


· Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc. which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.

· Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.


In addition, CozyCat may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, or type of operating system, which will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.

CozyCat may also deem it necessary, from time to time, to follow websites that our users may frequent to gleam what types of services and products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.


Please rest assured that this site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide to us by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested, and any additional uses specifically provided for on this Policy.


Why We Collect Information and For How Long


We are collecting your data for several reasons:


· To better understand your needs and provide you with the services you have requested;

· To fulfill our legitimate interest in improving our services and products;

· To send you promotional emails containing information we think you may like when we have your consent to do so;

· To contact you to fill out surveys or participate in other types of market research, when we have your consent to do so;

· To customize our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.


The data we collect from you will be stored for no longer than necessary. The length of time we retain said information will be determined based upon the following criteria: the length of time your personal information remains relevant; the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations; any limitation periods within which claims might be made; any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations; the type of contract we have with you, the existence of your consent, and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in this Policy.


Use of Information Collected


CozyCat does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.

CozyCat may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from www.CozyCat.com and its subsidiaries.

CozyCat may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.

CozyCat may feel it necessary, from time to time, to contact you on behalf of our other external business partners with regards to a potential new offer which may be of interest to you. If you consent or show interest in presented offers, then, at that time, specific identifiable information, such as name, email address and/or telephone number, may be shared with the third party.


CozyCat uses various third-party social media features including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitter and other interactive programs.These may collect your IP address and require cookies to work properly.These services are governed by the privacy policies of the providers and are not within CozyCat's control.


Disclosure of Information


CozyCat may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
· as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered;

· in other ways described in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;

· in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined;

· as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;

· to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;

· as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;

· as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of CozyCat.


Non-Marketing Purposes


CozyCat greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in CozyCat products and services). In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.


Children under the age of 13


CozyCat's website is not intended for children under the age of 13. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.


Unsubscribe or Opt-Out


All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to team@CozyCat.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. CozyCat will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.


Links to Other Websites


Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. CozyCat does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.


Notice to European Union Users


CozyCat's operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) and sent to the United States. (The adequacy decision on the EU-US Privacy became operational on August 1, 2016. This framework protects the fundamental rights of anyone in the EU whose personal data is transferred to the United States for commercial purposes. It allows the free transfer of data to companies that are certified in the US under the Privacy Shield.) By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described in this Policy.


Security


CozyCat takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (e.g. credit card information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the webpage.

While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. This is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.

The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.


Acceptance of Terms


By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and acceptance of such changes.



How to Contact Us

Email: richard@cozyCat.cc
Telephone Number: 414-220-0211
Mailing Address:
CozyCat
PO BOX 1531,
Allen 75013



Cookies

We and our trusted partners use cookies and other technologies in our related services, including when you visit our Site or access our services.

A "cookie" is a small piece of information that a website assigns to your device while you are viewing a website. Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various purposes. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and our Services quicker and easier. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see are relevant to you and your interests and to compile statistical data on your use of our Services.

The Site uses the following types of cookies:

a. 'session cookies' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed;
b. 'persistent cookies' which are read only by the Site, saved on your computer for a fixed period and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits, for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next sign-in;
c. 'third party cookies' which are set by other online services who run content on the page you are viewing, for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access.

Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but Personal Information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. You may remove the cookies by following the instructions of your device preferences; however, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of our Site may not operate properly, and your online experience may be limited.

We also use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about your use of the Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.

Third Party Collection Of Information

Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent you disclose your information to other parties or sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party that you choose to disclose information to.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

How Do We Safeguard Your Information?

We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Site and your information. We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of the information we collect and retain, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information, and we require any third party to comply with similar security requirements, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our Site, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.

Transfer Of Data Outside The EEA

Please note that some data recipients may be located outside the EEA. In such cases we will transfer your data only to such countries as approved by the European Commission as providing adequate level of data protection or enter into legal agreements ensuring an adequate level of data protection.

Advertisements

We may use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you access the Site. This technology uses your information with regards to your use of the Services to serve advertisements to you (e.g., by placing third-party cookies on your web browser).

You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"). For more information about this practice by NAI and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ and http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/.

Marketing

We may use your Personal Information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, etc. ourselves or by using our third-party subcontractors for the purposes of providing you with promotional materials, concerning our services, which we believe may interest you.

Out of respect to your right to privacy we provide you within such marketing materials with the means to decline receiving further marketing offers from us. If you unsubscribe we will remove your email address or telephone number from our marketing distribution lists.

Please note that even if you have unsubscribed from receiving marketing emails from us, we may send you other types of important e-mail communications without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. These may include customer service announcements or administrative notices.

Corporate Transaction

We may share information in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, the transferee or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.

Minors

We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. The Site is not designed for, or directed to, children. Under no circumstances shall we allow use of our services by minors without prior consent or authorization by a parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@a-1preferred.com.

Updates Or Amendments To This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy. Material changes will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy policy. The last revision will be reflected in the "Last modified" section. Your continued use of the Site, following the notification of such amendments on our website, constitutes your acknowledgment and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.

